feat(server-cache): estimatedSize (#23)
americanexpress/one-app-ducks: README.md

dispatch(setDangerouslyDisableScriptsAndStyles(true));
```

#### Intl Cache

##### estimatedServerCacheSize

> Returns the estimated size of the Intl server cache in Bytes. This is accurate enough to track changes to the cache size overtime however, as there is no native `sizeOf` function in Javascript (like in C), the actual memory allocation of the cache will differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the estimated size of the Intl server cache in Bytes. This is accurate enough to track changes to the cache size over time however, as there is no native `sizeOf` function in Javascript (like in C), the actual memory allocation of the cache will differ.
```

```js

> import { estimatedServerCacheSize } from '@americanexpress/one-app-ducks';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { getEstimatedServerCacheSize } from '@americanexpress/one-app-ducks';
```

Author: will remove from README as dropping from public api
